well what I was in high school internships were not very of much available
no one talked about going and begin entered someplace but almost
everybody I knew worked to some degree or another %HESITATION specially
during the summer and in my case I work part time all winter term
as well so I work full winter and spring %HESITATION part time at
a drug store and in the summer I worked a full time in the same drugstore
and it's hard to tell whether that had a direct impact on my
career but I think it did do quite a bit %HESITATION to expose me to
a slice of life and I would not experienced otherwise him to help
me understand what different people live in this world and how to get
along with all of them and to do %HESITATION meaningful and productive
work with almost everybody you meet